too much text, too many words
the message does not come across
be more bold!
disruptive technology: convince fo rpotential for users
publishers need to have a good motivation to adopt the system and get out of their comfort zone: cultural and community bottlenecks
working together with publishers to create incentives to them
a tool is never a solution, but a change of culture
focus on technology from the beginning -: mention it!
completely unrealisting -> goal: knowledge, innovation; something innovative: more about processes and incentives
what is my target in this big gigantic picture
too many details in the research questions
Solutions right now are not interesting!!!
hypotheses are more interesting
simplify the message in my head"3 things I am going to talk about 
clear sections! -> outline!!!
motivation, rq, approach, hypothesis, measuring the success
no future work!
3 things, visualize them and give them names
decentralization is not a problem! it is a component of the solution
3 most proeminent ones, some visual picture, connect them in some flow and the connection between them is linkflows
together they build my research question, some possible approaches 
data, process, metrics
one overview 

start and end with my message: imagine how the ideal world will be there if my research would be out there, negative picture, then blue sky, then repeat it again -> Cristina is working on this...
subresearch question in context

3 problems, 3 solutions, make choices in terms of hypotheses fof the rqs
review of an existing DA

what is the semantics of red and blue? the highlighted
remove fragments!

Twitter handle on each slide, affiliation
S2: Vu is the affiliation
S3: take-away message: we still publish in science like hundreds of 
very bold
digital publishing title -: is scientific publishing still in the dark edges
no first bullet point
blue things: sub-bullets 
maybe get rid of the slide

S4: start with this slide!
we publish digitally but mimick how we publish 300 years ago
stone age for publication: we still change
I do not mention knowledge burying here and I introduce it on the next slide!

time-consuming to publish (months to years), to stay up to date, knowledge burying

I do not need all this build-up! 

overarching theeme: digital publishing but it is just a picture of how we used ot publish hundreds of years ago
VOLUME!!! is one of the more journals, more conferences, more time, but there are many more players than it used to be before; the space has grown exponentially
a tool is never a solution, it is an engineering problem!!!! The answers to my uqestion can never be a tool!!!

I only talk about consumers (researchers) here!!! WHich perspective am i using? 3 players are missing: authors, reviewers, publishing houses -> introduce ecosystem and each of them carries a lot of problems

How things could work and remember that I work with a publisher!!! Incentivizing them as well!

S5: cite paper!!! 
incude 40% info in title
take out last bullet point about processes

S6: decentralization is not a problem, then I mix reviewers, take out the slide
decentralization makes things slower!!!
sounds anarchistic!!! -> who says that is better?
a tool thak might solve something, not trivial to apply this solution, is this ingredient used 
decentralization soes not solve time, a lot of papaers, none of the problems are addressed by it
for reviewing might be a sense od descentralization

make things smaller, publish faster are more interesting aspects!!!
decentrlaiza single workflows: workflows do not need to start and end on the same platform, reuse a step that was already conducted, use reviers to reviw on that platform -> a solution to a problem I did not specify

last stept: only if I manage to decomposition of info, to flow, deal with privacy, etc.
could we even fdo all that that will allw to decentrlaization

links + workflows -> de-chunk the process into smaller inte0connected places, where they live becomes irrelevant

the fact that the granularuty is smaller and the linking -> nain aspects

make th egranularity smaller and smaller, let people let content find it

more or less comes naturally applying reusability and web-focus of web data -> aspect of decentrlaization, works together iwth LDNs that can be used, difficult ot simulate, 


connect reviews on different pieces: review of Elsevier, reuse on ESWC and on IOS platform
they stay exactly as they are, but it is all information flow


S7: is it motivation, problem? make meaningful title!!!

title is strange: summary of problems, approach
1st bullet poit seems strange
disparate things
couldnt we o thingslike this and this
and all related work is about this and this

S8: too many words? What if we can have, how can we change this? Intro subrqs more smaller granularity s.t it takes less time to find out new inventions, things linkes, etc. things living on different platforms
introduce 3 ingredients of my rq them sum it up is a whole rq, plusses, and this is linkflows!!!
scoping: many more things related, but htis is the focus of my research
remove deifnitions, give quick examples
DA: single review comment that targets a specific question, a paragraph in a sections, etc; I only show boring ones
SW: reviews, I do not acutally mention an example!!!

More examples: 3 different representative examples
make sure that they cover many levels!

Leave the slides with the definitions out!

S12: DA I mention and use link data

S11: automatically executed -> no! it is exactly what that not it is


use pictures in the beginning to show what I am talking about
no result: an intermediate exploratory thin
illustrate my viison with the 


LDN is extremely difficult to explain, completely omit it
if I will skip something, do not put it there!!!

end with a meaningful slide: pdf is not a meaningful problem that I am trying to solve! the others need to remmeber the message!!! 

linkflows target
bigger slide number
exploit the fact that people there suffer for the problems: people submitting papers and not getting reviews quick, the audience tackles some of the

Next steps: no quality in there!!!
LDNs:subrq2 -> execution of workflows

all sub-research questions -> how thay go togethre to answer the overarching rq? 
srs: title on slide for approach
innovation sounds a bot like engineering, nnovation -> novel!
i slide per srq
remove phd comics 
in th eend: come back to how will I contribute to solving these problems? KNOWLEDGE!!!

linked data to edit scientific workflows , what is the novelty here? 

Maybe a shortened version that I can have as a title for RQ

As a title over arching RQ and bullet points subrqs

2 approach slides: specific technologies used the first one


Add references for articles cited

epidemiologists: cannot stay fully up to date because it is impossible-> check for exact hours

Give examples with scientific workflows!!!

Approach: general approach, descentralized... -> specific instance, looking at a specific use case: peer-reviewing; it is all-over the place

is the approach about peer-review or does it include it as a use case?

Modify figure with network: different color for reviews, something that I want to show much earlier to sow my overall approach!, maybe before or after RQ -> a growing and changing network

no nanopublications: digital publishing is confusing, labels out of nowhere Semantic Web, Linked Data, too small to read, big nanopublication and have a 

remove ontologies if I have too many slides

qualitative and quantitative analysis as well because I have some 

Is it realistic to consider 20 papers? - 1, 2 months, evan 10 or 5 is good!

sample paper : papwer workflow eample: paper, editor contribution, author contribution, ox time, get rid of randomness

Results: how d owe know that the similarity of the content has stayed the same? take out external links, put nodes that link to the preveious version

LDN with diagram: second subrq, just the picture and tell in title: using LDS to do this and this, no steps 

flower thingie if I can put in the beginning 

Last slide with pdfs: there should be another one before it!

Be realistic and the kind of outcome expected from the community! 


I have gained knowledge, I have gained things, we do not know how this should be solved, this is a hypothesis, prossibly it will hep with this and that

All evaluations should expect surprising results: something that is not related to how I make my project, if all is decentralized, actually quality can decrease; we expect it to increase; everything is so transparent tha teveytone woudl manage to cheat the system

Outocme: get insight and see if the specific combinationsof tools, methods, aetc. to waht aspects and to what extnd they can be solved, how much additional informationdo we get with respect to quality of such a descentral 

New insight into these wuestions: a successful project!

